What on earth is NASA management spending our billions of dollars in taxpayer
money on you may have seen the headlines go around the world this weekend on how
NASA has once again, canceled another mission to go to the moon.
And this of course involved the prospector Rover mission,
which was gonna conduct experiments as a direct pre Herer to sending
human beings to the moon. Once again, in this video,
I have a few really interesting points to make about this situation.
And I'm also gonna share with you the actual person involved in NASA management,
who canceled this mission. Now, like I said,
NASA scientists are absolutely shocked that this mission was canceled and they
received no explanation as to why all they were told is that the same
Rover and the instruments on it will be included on the next mission to go. So,
oh, don't worry.
This will get done.
It's just that we don't have any type of future date or planning mission of any
kind on when this will happen. And by the way,
this is despite an order signed by president Donald Trump called the space
policy to rect one, which involves sending humans back to the moon and to Mars.
And regardless of what you think about president Trump,
this is far more than the presidents have done over the last few decades.
I mean,
if you look at how president Obama canceled a mission to go back to the moon
himself, he also canceled the space program in its entirety.
As we now have no shuttle mission of any kind, but the,
this isn't to blame any specific president, they're all involved. I mean,
even look at president Bush before Obama, how in 2006,
he did significant cuts to NASA, but he himself stated that don't worry.
This is gonna help get humans back to the moon by 2018. Uh,
and here we are in 2018 now canceling future missions,
and we have no intention of any kind, no date, like I of going back to the moon.
And this goes further back than president Bush, even look at president Clinton,
look at the date on this 1995 and now Clinton reduced NASA's funding.
And you can even find articles about this from 1981,
going back to president Reagan, are you guys starting to see a pattern here? Oh,
we're gonna go, we're gonna go. We're gonna go. And they just keep canceling it,
canceling it and canceling it.
And you here we are in 2018 and we have no dates or mission of any kind
to send even a Rover to the fricking moon.
And this is despite outstanding questions that still exist about our moon,
including the origins of it and how just a year ago,
scientists have discovered that the age of the moon is significantly older than
they ever thought possibly older than our solar system itself.
And you may have heard me discuss in other videos,
other unusual things about our moon,
such as the fact that they have discovered uranium 2 36 as well as neptunium
2 37, which has never been found naturally on earth.
So this of course raises many questions.
Also the topic of lunar transient phenomena,
which is something that most P people have never even heard of.
And this dates back a couple thousand years,
even where people have witnessed lights flashing on the moon of different
colors, not just white, red, but also green. This photo right here,
just so you know, is from Columbia university. In fact,
this was even witnessed by the Apollo 11 astronauts on their way to land on the
moon for the very first time. Basically what happened was back here on earth,
through telescopes,
we observed green fluorescent lighting on the moon as we were approaching it for
landing. And when NASA called out to the astronauts,
they got an immediate response from Michael Collins,
indicating that they had seen this as well. Now,
one explanation is that this could be volcanic activity of some kind,
but it does raise questions on why green lights have been observed.
But we do know that there is volcanic activity within,
inside the moon and our seismographs that we have placed there have indicated
moonquakes which raises many questions. I mean, is the moon not dead after all?
And this of course ties into how so many people believe that we never went to
the moon at all.
And it's a pretty high percentage of people it's larger than most people
realize.
And this is something that I'll definitely have to make a video on in the
future.
I'm gonna have to spend some time doing a lot of research to really dig into it.
People need to realize that not everything's black and white,
it's not necessarily about have we been there? Have we not been there?
I think the real questions are, what did we find there?
And when is the last time we have been, I mean,
there are some weird things about the Apollo missions.
And although I think that we went to the moon,
we have to ask ourselves why on earth did NASA delete the Apollo 11 tapes
of its trajectory? And they said that back in the eighties, due to, uh,
budget cuts, they had to essentially reuse the tapes, but it's like,
wait a second.
You deleted the Apollo 11 tapes on us going to,
and from the moon, you couldn't find any other tape to delete. So you're like,
okay,
let's just delete the tapes of all the very first moon mission of people landing
there ever. That doesn't really make sense. And when you also combine it,
like I've discussed another videos, the Apollo 11 press conference,
which was the most awkward thing you've ever seen in your life,
go watch this on YouTube, by the way,
where the astronauts were just man lead just seemed depressed and just not
wanting to be there. It was the most UN enthusiastic thing I've ever seen.
So let's get back to NASA management and how we're just not going back there
because we could debate the moon missions to the blue in the face. And again,
I'll make a video on that in the future, who is NASA management right now? Well,
look at Jim Brennan and Stein who is appointed by president Trump and what I
didn't realize by reading all these articles about this canceled Rover mission
is that this guy just assumed office a week ago today,
April 23rd, 2018. But yet when you look at when these articles came out,
look at that April 27th. So this guy takes his position on the Monday.
And then by Friday,
the mission had been completely dumped and canceled his first week on the job,
which I thought was incredible. And then I dug well a little bit deeper,
and I discovered that, wait,
the people on this mission with NASA were told on the 23rd,
that the mission had been scrapped.
And it wasn't until the 27th that the headlines and, you know,
had made the news. So the, the very first day, this guy's on the job.
And despite Trump signing a bill to instruct NASA to go put humans
on the moon and all of a sudden he just scraps it entirely.
And the scientists themselves weren't even given an explanation who is this guy?
Well,
it turns out that he's a politician and I had no idea that there was so much
controversy when this guy came on board.
I never even heard that he came on board,
but people were griping about how well, yeah, he's a politician.
And there was some interesting things that when they were overlooking his, uh,
appointments, he had deleted his YouTube,
Facebook and Twitter accounts all while he was being looked into. So this guy,
shady president Trump,
if you're the real deal wanting to send us back to the moon, fire this guy,
or at least discuss publicly what the true intentions are,
because why on earth that this guy canceled this mission his very first day on
the job. Anyways, guys,
leave me a comments and let me know what your thoughts are and all of this,
and also hit the like button and subscribe. But I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight and I have many more videos to come and a whole wide
radio topics take care of everybody.